index.md, before:


---
layout: default
---

## Introduction

<img src="assets/images/me.jpg" alt="Photo" hspace="20" width="30%" align="right"/> This page is the final project of Command-Line Tools for Linguists course (University of Helsinki). The learning objectives in this course are:
* operating in a Unix-like environment
* using Unix command-line on a Windows or Mac OSX computer
* using regular expressions
* processing corpora at a basic level
* running programs from the command-line
* installing programs
* writing basic scripts
* using version control tools
* working on a remote server
* createing and hosting a webpage on GitHub Pages


[My notes from this course](https://katja-cmd.github.io/cmdline_course.html)


## My cv
[My cv](https://katja-cmd.github.io/cv.html)

## Find me on

[GitHub](https://github.com/katja-cmd)

## Contact

My email address is of the form first_name.last_name@helsinki.fi. 

## Courses I've Taken

[Introduction to Linquistic DIversity and Digital Humanties](https://studies.helsinki.fi/kurssit/toteutus/hy-opt-cur-2425-9df97501-21e6-4b8d-9de4-e91303f2ff71/LDA-301), fall 2024

[Ethics of artificiall intelligence](https://studies.helsinki.fi/kurssit/toteutus/hy-opt-cur-2324-e5f774f1-ddd7-4890-be4f-d9501d462795/LDA-C505), spring 2024

[Philosophy of Artificial Intelligence ](https://studies.helsinki.fi/kurssit/toteutus/hy-opt-cur-2324-9fbc2bee-b638-41ea-ac53-35dc54b1515a/LDA-C307), 2024

[Johdatus digitaalisiin ihmistieteisiin ](https://studies.helsinki.fi/kurssit/toteutus/hy-opt-cur-2324-3cd28bb6-ab6b-45d1-859e-d4c4b55535d3/KIK-417/Johdatus_digitaalisiin_ihmistieteisiin_KIK_417_HISK_234_KUKA_501_TTK_MU221_TTK_MU251_Et%C3%A4opetus), spring 2024

[Johdatus sosiaalitieteisiin](https://studies.helsinki.fi/kurssit/toteutus/otm-3efa51b5-cc9b-4be6-ab84-972b525252d9/SOSK-101), spring 2024

[]()

[]()

[]()

[]()


## My AI and CS favorites in the pop culture

[Discworld: Hex](https://discworld.fandom.com/wiki/Hex) 

[The Matrix](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0133093/)

[Marvin the paranoid android](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvin_the_Paranoid_Android)

[Poe, the AI with gaming adiction](https://altered-carbon.fandom.com/wiki/Poe)

[]()

[]()

[]()

[]()

[]()

Commit message:

Update index.md: link additions + typo corrections

index.md, after:


---
layout: default
---

## Introduction

<img src="assets/images/me.jpg" alt="Photo" hspace="20" width="30%" align="right"/> This page is the final project of Command-Line Tools for Linguists course (University of Helsinki). The learning objectives in this course are:
* operating in a Unix-like environment
* using Unix command-line on a Windows or Mac OSX computer
* using regular expressions
* processing corpora at a basic level
* running programs from the command-line
* installing programs
* writing basic scripts
* using version control tools
* working on a remote server
* createing and hosting a webpage on GitHub Pages

If you are interedted, see [this link](https://studies.helsinki.fi/courses/course-unit/otm-92ee484e-456b-409f-a397-d9d2b6e40a2f/KIK-LG221) to read more abut this course.


## My notes fro this course

[My notes collection](https://katja-cmd.github.io/cmdline_course.html)


## My cv
[My cv](https://katja-cmd.github.io/cv.html)


## Find me on

[GitHub](https://github.com/katja-cmd)


## Courses I've Taken

[Introduction to Linquistic DIversity and Digital Humanties](https://studies.helsinki.fi/kurssit/toteutus/hy-opt-cur-2425-9df97501-21e6-4b8d-9de4-e91303f2ff71/LDA-301), fall 2024

[Ethics of artificiall intelligence](https://studies.helsinki.fi/kurssit/toteutus/hy-opt-cur-2324-e5f774f1-ddd7-4890-be4f-d9501d462795/LDA-C505), spring 2024

[Philosophy of Artificial Intelligence ](https://studies.helsinki.fi/kurssit/toteutus/hy-opt-cur-2324-9fbc2bee-b638-41ea-ac53-35dc54b1515a/LDA-C307), 2024

[Johdatus digitaalisiin ihmistieteisiin ](https://studies.helsinki.fi/kurssit/toteutus/hy-opt-cur-2324-3cd28bb6-ab6b-45d1-859e-d4c4b55535d3/KIK-417/Johdatus_digitaalisiin_ihmistieteisiin_KIK_417_HISK_234_KUKA_501_TTK_MU221_TTK_MU251_Et%C3%A4opetus), spring 2024

[Johdatus sosiaalitieteisiin](https://studies.helsinki.fi/kurssit/toteutus/otm-3efa51b5-cc9b-4be6-ab84-972b525252d9/SOSK-101), spring 2024

[]()

[]()

[]()

[]()


## My AI and CS favorites in the pop culture

[Discworld: Hex](https://discworld.fandom.com/wiki/Hex) 

[The Matrix](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0133093/)

[Marvin the paranoid android](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvin_the_Paranoid_Android)

[Poe, the AI with gaming adiction](https://altered-carbon.fandom.com/wiki/Poe)

[]()

[]()

[]()

[]()

[]()
